Katrina Groves: Okay. Is Dr groves again my zoom room numbers 422-649-3217 still march 14
Katrina Groves: Waiting on summer Kenyan Date of Birth to 10
Katrina Groves: She's 29 years old.
Katrina Groves: This is a new patient to me for billing purposes. I have not seen her before she is a client of Denmark community health center where she is doing group as well with Tanya Costa
Katrina Groves: La CC as God her primary care provider is Dr. Clint Pearson also an open door.
Katrina Groves: She is fresh.
Katrina Groves: To recovery like you believe
Katrina Groves: Both with opioid dependence severe
Katrina Groves: I am helping your mission and
Katrina Groves: I think she just actually got in was one of the bright heart docs and deduction. She's also had met them.
Katrina Groves: So had endocarditis with the IV infusion of antibiotics.
Katrina Groves: Was that southern coast, they'll get more that info as we go.
TCL LX: Good afternoon.
Katrina Groves: I can I hear you but I can't see you. Do you have a video.
Katrina Groves: For
Katrina Groves: My name is Dr groves.
Katrina Groves: Must be summer.
TCL LX: I am
Katrina Groves: Brian starter right
TCL LX: Yes, I am.
Katrina Groves: sorry for your loss.
TCL LX: Thank you.
TCL LX: Yeah.
Katrina Groves: So, um, have you already started Suboxone did someone get you started yet. No.
TCL LX: No.
Katrina Groves: Oh dear. Okay.
TCL LX: Yeah, and I've been trying to get it for a minute now. And it's been like pulling teeth. It seems like
Katrina Groves: I know that bright heart has a lot of hoops to kind of jump through
Katrina Groves: So hopefully this is the last one. So have you been getting it off the street, the Suboxone. Are you still using narcotics or heroin or what's your drug of choice, dear.
TCL LX: Heroin, okay.
Katrina Groves: And when did you last us
TCL LX: This morning
TCL LX: What time this morning like around eight
Katrina Groves: Okay, so are you in a little bit of withdrawals right now. I noticed your eyes are teary your nose is running it is
TCL LX: Not a lot.
Katrina Groves: from what to what
TCL LX: To where I was doing about I'm honestly probably like two grams a day to now about a 20
Katrina Groves: Okay, good. So what's your pharmacy, because at the end of this little call. I'm going to send a prescription over for you to get it filled
TCL LX: You froze. A little bit of
TCL LX: What pharmacy Walmart.
TCL LX: Yeah, and I was I'm Tony, I was talking to my counselor at the thing. And I'm not sure. Like, how it works, or whatever. But I have the
TCL LX: Or know what's necessary. It's obviously, you could probably get a little glimpse that my family's been in the
TCL LX: addiction field for a long time. I had 10 years clean
Katrina Groves: Wow.
Katrina Groves: 10 years
TCL LX: I got clean. When I was 19 when my mom died. And then I relapse with my dad came back.
Katrina Groves: When did your Dad, come back.
TCL LX: on Father's Day.
TCL LX: Yeah.
TCL LX: Wow. Was it because of him. It was just
TCL LX: I was having my own personal issues and stuff to it just added up but but this last time. I've never did heroin before. This is the first time I have been addicted to this and
TCL LX: I was wondering like about anxiety meds and stuff like cuz I'm it's just harder for me to do things for all people nowadays.
Katrina Groves: Yeah, it's really hard, as you know,
Katrina Groves: When you're in withdrawals, your brain is just kind of all over the place and all those emotions are really high because you're used to stuffing all your feelings.
TCL LX: Yeah, so
Katrina Groves: I will definitely get you medication to make you more comfortable today.
Katrina Groves: But we do have to try to get through the intake process. Are you are you in a safe place right now that you can spend a half hour with me. Okay.
Katrina Groves: And Tony's group is awesome. She probably told you I was, I always
Katrina Groves: I used to work for Deloitte committee health center and I just transitioned over to this job. Instead, but it will be really important for you to keep going to her groups.
Katrina Groves: I assume you're not working right now summer.
Katrina Groves: No, no job. Okay.
So tell me how you want
Katrina Groves: You want to be working
Katrina Groves: Yeah. What did you use to do when you were 10 years clean wizard job that you enjoy or
TCL LX: Yeah, I worked with college, I was a librarian.
TCL LX: Okay, yeah, that was my favorite. And I worked for shell, the gas station here in town, and I did a lot of students jobs at the college when I was going there and stuff, because I was always and all enrolled classes.
Katrina Groves: What were you going for degree wise.
TCL LX: Um, well, I wanted to get
TCL LX: I got my a behavioral science.
TCL LX: And I got my transfers and I wanted to get a bachelor's in
TCL LX: In psych but then they said that Sykes not really good field this to get it in. So they said that the best would be to be a social work.
TCL LX: So I'm going that that field is what I wanted to do.
TCL LX: And is that changed or do
Katrina Groves: You still want to do that.
TCL LX: I still planning to do, but I just don't know what the major would be now.
TCL LX: They can't get a BA in behavioral social science. It's not a thing. So I got my able social science and I got transcripts and stuff, but I wanted to work with juveniles. I didn't want to work with adult
Nice.
Katrina Groves: You have a lot to give to kids that have been through what you've been through.
Katrina Groves: Yeah. So how old were you when you started any drug of choice at all. I know you went through some of this already, but
Katrina Groves: I just wanted to get
Katrina Groves: To know you 12. And what did you use the verse. First time pot alcohol.
Katrina Groves: Methods.
Katrina Groves: Methods first drug
TCL LX: Yeah.
Katrina Groves: Okay, well, you didn't make a mess. Anytime around my for it.
Katrina Groves: All right, and
Katrina Groves: Then what happened after you started using math at age 12 kind of take me through the timeline.
TCL LX: I was first when I first got locked up as well.
TCL LX: So I went to juvenile hall. I spent every birthday from 12 to 16 incarcerated, like I was either on the run away from probation or because I, my main thing back then was, we
TCL LX: Legal and so if I wasn't on the run. I was in juvenile hall like every birthday. My birthday. I spent in juvenile hall.
TCL LX: And then I got out of my group home when I was 16 and then I came back to Christian city. And then my mom passed away when I was 17
TCL LX: And then I had my daughter. I picked up my mom's ashes on my 18th birthday. And then I had my daughter when I was 19 and that's what I got clean. I had my son. When I was 20 and then I was clean for so it's not really 10 years but let's clean from 19 to 28 and I just turned 29
Nice.
TCL LX: So I've been back here. My relapse for a year.
Katrina Groves: Yeah, that's a hard. The good thing about for you. Summer is that you know what addictions like and you know what recoveries like and. And do you realize, geez, I you don't have a life like this. Right. I mean, you want to get back to where you remember having it be good.
TCL LX: Yeah, I have two kids. Yeah.
Katrina Groves: And what are your kids doing right now.
TCL LX: Or what their dad.
Katrina Groves: Is he clean and sober or Where's he
TCL LX: Yeah, he's clean and sober and he's a dick.
Okay.
Katrina Groves: So you don't want them to be with him very long. So you want your kids back, like, ASAP. Right.
TCL LX: Well, I was always the sole provider and stuff. And the reason what sent me into the relapse spiral was because my kids that I was with for 10 years
TCL LX: I lost my virginity to him when I was like 13 and I was with him. My, my whole life. And he decided to cheat on me and stuff. And so he was cheating. I mean, Israel abusive for like
TCL LX: And then all my friends and stuff knew about it and nobody told me that I thought retarded. And then he went not married and had another baby.
TCL LX: And because every time I come around like he likes to argue and fight with me in front of the kids and I don't want to expose my kids to that kind of
TCL LX: Stuff and I don't engage in conversation with them and stuff. And so I don't want them to see any of that. So I just have eliminated myself from the situation which fucking just allowed me to beat my heroine demon more
Katrina Groves: Yeah. So what made you want to come back this time you said because was your dad passing did that now that actually made you relapse. So, what, what made you want to
TCL LX: I DIDN'T MEAN WE LOVE MY DAD passing it was really like dealt with.
TCL LX: Is just times passing and stuff. And yeah, I'm just tired of it. Yeah. And I've been wanting to I was hospitalized. About three months ago for this stuff and
Katrina Groves: I heard you had a pic line you had an infection in your heart right in your heart valve.
Katrina Groves: And you're on the antibiotics and
TCL LX: I know there's only there's only like a year. So if I continue down this road, you know, I'm gonna be dead.
Katrina Groves: Yeah, and your kids, your kids do need you.
Yes.
Katrina Groves: You don't want to leave them like your parents, unfortunately.
TCL LX: Yeah, exactly. To you.
Katrina Groves: So any other substances that you've abused in the past. I mean, cigarettes.
Fences
TCL LX: Cigarettes.
TCL LX: I've never been real into the tilting at all. I've always left that to the doctors
Okay.
TCL LX: And math before was my drug of choice before I started doing
TCL LX: opiate
Katrina Groves: Words like
TCL LX: Ruin but you don't really mix it too expensive. So
Katrina Groves: Mm hmm.
TCL LX: And more money, I probably would do both, but I don't. I don't.
Katrina Groves: So you choose the heroin over the math.
Katrina Groves: And were you ever on Suboxone before I forgot to ask you.
TCL LX: Once or twice when I was in
TCL LX: The hospital.
Katrina Groves: Okay, and did it seem to work for you. Did you have any
TCL LX: Product like this.
TCL LX: Strips all
Katrina Groves: You don't like the strips. What's wrong with them.
TCL LX: It feels like crap.
Katrina Groves: Yeah, they do.
Katrina Groves: And
TCL LX: Therefore, I like didn't pick him.
Katrina Groves: Okay, well, so I would rather give you something that works. There's something called sub solve. It's a different brand but it tastes more like mint.
Katrina Groves: Think that might be. We will try it, week to week. And if you don't like it, we'll try something else, till I find something that works for you.
TCL LX: Okay, thank you. Okay, yeah, I would have been my one of my big concerns and stuff is because I'm not like
TCL LX: Pretty tough when it comes to pain and stuff. And as last time since I've been at the hospital, honestly, like it took a real big, big everybody that that's close to me realizes how much like a toll, it took
TCL LX: Like you know what the heart infection and then going centric and ahead monia yeah i'm not i'm not trying to be tired forever like my I seen what this should did my parents like I've seen them die a slow, painful death, like I get. I get it. Yeah. And so
Katrina Groves: I want to
TCL LX: I want to, I only want to be on the Suboxone for a couple like like maybe like a couple months tops that I want to get off of that as well.
Katrina Groves: Well, that one huge kind of, I would suggest to play that one bite year. In other words, kind of take it, week to week because it's real easy to get off. Well, it's not easy, but getting off the drugs and staying off are kind of two different things and
Katrina Groves: Many people that we see that stop the Suboxone too early, they relapse again pretty quick. So
Katrina Groves: Try not to set yourself up for
Katrina Groves: Saying I have this. I got this goal. I gotta get off this stuff and few months, you know, kind of be easy with yourself a little bit. Give yourself some time like Tony says if you got a broken leg, you need to wear a cast for a little while.
Katrina Groves: And you need to let your body heal and your mind heal and your brain heal and that takes a lot of time.
Katrina Groves: But we'll, we'll work on it together will be with you all the way
Katrina Groves: You may want to, you may want to think about doing this sunblock head. It's a shot. I don't know if you've heard about it, but it's basically Suboxone and an injection, like, you know, how do you ever do Deborah prepare for birth control.
TCL LX: Yeah, I've tried it. Okay.
Katrina Groves: So it's not that at all. But it's the same kind of thing where it's a shot. And it's good for a month. So you don't have to put strips under your tongue, you don't have to have the taste. You don't have to mess with the saliva.
Katrina Groves: It's really awesome. So that's an option. We can go to if once you get stabilized on the on the
TCL LX: viewport our fence.
Katrina Groves: Right, so let me go.
Katrina Groves: Here into any other illnesses or injuries that you've had over the years.
TCL LX: I got my I got my tonsils taken out. I've had 14 breast surgeries.
Katrina Groves: Now, Lord, what's going on with your bras.
TCL LX: And they they were dying. So he says they were benign like tumors, pretty much after I had my son breastfeeding. My daughter and
TCL LX: So they said the old milk of the new milk may have bacteria and cause like foremost herbaceous this, but every time they removed one at one would come back.
TCL LX: Insert then they kept doing that, like couple times each year to like the first started when I was 21 and I had one for about almost two years now, but
TCL LX: Until they remove one sticks data removed the whole cavity of all the infected spots. And then so as it came back. So this is a come back, we'll do a double mastectomy.
Katrina Groves: Their breast cancer and your family or do you know
TCL LX: It wasn't a breast cancer. It was
Katrina Groves: Right. I know it wasn't. Yeah, that's good.
TCL LX: So yeah, very weird. I don't know. But, um,
TCL LX: But that's occurred for like two years, but I have been under anesthesia. A lot
Katrina Groves: So tonsils to tubal ligation.
Katrina Groves: Did you have any other surgeries like history to me. Do you still have all your parts.
TCL LX: Okay.
Katrina Groves: No partner right now, but what you had your tubes tied. Okay, um, any venereal diseases or things in the past.
Katrina Groves: Um, any implants of any kind.
Katrina Groves: No metal in your body. No.
Katrina Groves: And then is there anything in your family you know about besides the addictions, such as high blood pressure, strokes, heart attacks, diabetes, thyroid
TCL LX: Yeah, oh yeah, I had my cell laboratory gland removed. I have a scar from a year to myself about the one. Got it.
TCL LX: Yep. And I have a thing called the Wilsons disease genetic disorder where I have to do much copper my body.
Katrina Groves: Exactly. Okay. Thank you. Wilson's that one doesn't bother you too much. Do you have any brothers or sisters did it well.
TCL LX: That one I think does bother me a lot. And it just get under looked a lot
Katrina Groves: Ah, OK.
TCL LX: I think that's one of the main reasons why self medicate because if like all the information that I've learned about it and stuff. It's like a, it's like a more advanced thing of like hepatitis. Like what, like I compare it to
Katrina Groves: So Dr. Pearson is one of the best one of the smartest guys there at the clinic and he looks like he's your primary care provider, even though he has MS. Have you met him.
Katrina Groves: Yeah, he's very brainy and he will work with you on your Wilson's disease as much as you want. So
TCL LX: I was gonna make an appointment with him after I got you guys perfect so
Katrina Groves: You don't have brothers or sisters summer.
TCL LX: I have. I'm the youngest of four.
Katrina Groves: And. Are they healthy or they have addictions as well.
TCL LX: We're all pretty fucked up.
TCL LX: My sister started was leukemia.
TCL LX: My oldest sister has leukemia, but all four of us have different died, besides Me and my brother, Brian.
Right.
TCL LX: And we look like when
Katrina Groves: Is your brother still using because I know he was off and on, and
TCL LX: Still, often on. Yeah.
Katrina Groves: So are you
Katrina Groves: Are you feeling sick right now like nausea.
TCL LX: Yes, ma'am.
Katrina Groves: Yeah, tell me. Um, how about diarrhea.
TCL LX: The I've messed up Bell since I've been out of the doctors because ever since I went septic it's been like
TCL LX: Like
TCL LX: I have to take a lot of schools officers and stuff to even be able to go to the bathroom.
Katrina Groves: Okay, so that's one of the things up prescribed for you being on buprenorphine or or Suboxone or themselves. They all concentrate you a little bit but not anywhere near like heroin. So that shouldn't get
TCL LX: So I've been pretty bad. I probably need
Katrina Groves: Some got it. I'll give you a stool softener for nausea, do you have anything that you've taken before like promethazine or So Fran. What could I give you for that.
TCL LX: Um, my sister sometimes gives me some of her knowledge at the medicine. And I think, though, friend. Okay.
Katrina Groves: I'll do whatever your insurance covers
Katrina Groves: Okay. Um, but as soon as you take the Suboxone you're going to feel better. So my, my goal today would be to get the script over to Walmart. Do you have questions about how it's taken
TCL LX: I've taken it before.
Katrina Groves: Yeah, and I know you hate the taste, but I'm giving you the the the sub sub brand which is their little
Katrina Groves: They come in a packet and you peel them open their like aluminum pouches and you just stick it under your tongue like a little breath mint and they taste mentee. You still need to have, I know you're on the saliva duct on that side.
Katrina Groves: But you have one on the other.
TCL LX: End you
Katrina Groves: Do you have trouble making saliva.
Sometimes
Katrina Groves: So put it under your tongue, try to eat before you do that, eat something release our so it gets like your taste buds going
Katrina Groves: State leave it under there 1015 minutes. Don't swallow it. When if you finally get a huge mouth like and spit a little bit out
Katrina Groves: I'm going to try and keep it under as long as you can and then I'll give you probably you're going to do like a 5.7 milligram
Katrina Groves: Today, depending on how bad you withdrawals are probably maybe another one tonight, and then I'll try and get you to where you're taking three of them a day, which will probably feel pretty good.
Katrina Groves: Family, you got family. You got to put me on hold for
TCL LX: Know I was telling
TCL LX: Somebody to get out.
Katrina Groves: Excuse me, please. But I'm busy talking to my doctor
TCL LX: All right. Weird.
I know
Katrina Groves: It's kind of cool. Yeah.
Katrina Groves: Okay, cool. Um,
Katrina Groves: So any Fevers or chills or night sweats, or is that all gone since the antibiotics.
TCL LX: No nice way sweats, I get all the time. If I don't do like most of the I can't make it without for four hours without using
Katrina Groves: Four hours we did already your past that right now.
Katrina Groves: Yeah. Um, what about, let's see, where was I nausea and constipation.
Katrina Groves: tremor. Have you had Clonidine before. So that really helps with the withdrawal symptoms. Clonidine calms down everything it lowers your heart rate.
Katrina Groves: Never had that one.
Katrina Groves: I'll just give you a we call it a kick pack. It's to help you kick and it takes care of all your symptoms. You're having diarrhea. Well, you don't have diarrhea right now.
Katrina Groves: Yeah yeah that's coming though right
Katrina Groves: Later, yeah. So I'll give you something for diarrhea something for nausea something for constipation and
TCL LX: What about anxiety and stuff.
Katrina Groves: Right for the nausea medication. I'm giving you helps a lot with anxiety and so does the Clonidine I know that's not what you know people out there. They're like, oh, I want Bezos I want Valium or something but
Katrina Groves: I don't want to start you on a whole nother addiction. So the anxiety is going to be
TCL LX: Just for like I'm
TCL LX: Like for like the first week. Can we try something like that.
Katrina Groves: Yeah, I'm giving you what I'm giving you is going to help with the anxiety, a lot. And as soon as you start this absolve it'll help. So, and you're going to see me if you want. I have group on Monday, the night. Wait.
TCL LX: What is today 14th.
Katrina Groves: The 16th Monday night.
Katrina Groves: If you want to join my group on the 16th, then I can see how you're doing. Then can you do that.
TCL LX: Yeah, all right. I'm writing it down right now.
Katrina Groves: And it's at 530 at night like 545 but check ins at 530
TCL LX: So 530 Monday and then
TCL LX: Is it on here.
Katrina Groves: Yes, so you would call the same number that you did. You did good getting setup. If you call the virtual clinic and they'll get you into my my zoom room and you'll be there with a couple other people, though it may be a bit busy, but I will spend time with you at the end so they
Katrina Groves: Can talk your personal stuff.
Katrina Groves: Did Tony want you to come to group Monday also
TCL LX: Yeah, I'm gonna call her after this and let her know how everything went and stuff. And then she says to me, is it is I get my script that I could go in
Katrina Groves: Awesome. So do you have trouble with seizures or dizziness or tremor.
TCL LX: Yeah. Headaches are new. And when I stand up. Sometimes I get really like what I end up to faster just end up in general, I get really dizzy and stuff, because I do a lot of walking
TCL LX: Far, but too. I don't like to be inside. So I do a lot of walking and stuff and I'm lately I've been getting like light headed and stuff. I don't know why. Maybe, I don't know if it was because I was like
TCL LX: You're cutting down on the heroin. Yeah, I don't know if it's because I because down like crazy.
TCL LX: And this has all been all my own and facing
Katrina Groves: us really want this, I can tell you really want this.
Katrina Groves: Oh yeah no nosebleeds or no. How about paying with swallowing.
TCL LX: I could I could it be able to tell you, since the surgery and stuff. It's all been weird. Okay.
So, but
Katrina Groves: Trouble with your ears hearing pain or discharge.
Katrina Groves: Trouble with your eyes like the pain or discharge or vision problems.
No.
Katrina Groves: And how many pregnancies any miscarriages or abortions. Was it just two.
TCL LX: Kids two kids. Okay.
Katrina Groves: And for birth control right now. We were I assume you're going to just not have sex, but if you need Mr right tomorrow, what would you use
TCL LX: My teacher tied in so that's
Katrina Groves: That's right, I forgot. Sorry, but condoms.
Katrina Groves: Yes, um, any allergies to medications that you know about know any other meds that you're taking right now. Some are like and
Katrina Groves: Us.
TCL LX: You know, I was on. I have an order of tragedy but I lost my script. Oh.
Katrina Groves: Just tries it on work for you. It
TCL LX: Made me a restless leg syndrome.
Katrina Groves: Oh that's not good. Are you using that for sleep.
TCL LX: I was until I lost it.
Katrina Groves: Yeah, but do you, I mean I can prescribe it for you. But do you want to, is it worth the restless legs just to help you sleep for a couple nights or do you want to just try the Clonidine instead
TCL LX: Of you maybe just like for the next couple days because. Okay, I know that the next three days. Well, far i don't know what it's like with the medicine, but I know
Katrina Groves: It's gonna be so much better. You're going to feel better like today.
Katrina Groves: Like this afternoon. You're going to feel a lot better. All right, I'm trying to get done here. So labs. I'm right hearts going to want you to do blood work.
Katrina Groves: And otherwise, I think I'm
Katrina Groves: Good. I'm trying to get your get your script quick
Katrina Groves: So,
Katrina Groves: Congratulations on your wanting to be clean and sober and
Katrina Groves: I will go ahead and call your scripts into Walmart.
Katrina Groves: And look forward to working with you.
TCL LX: And timing out
Katrina Groves: Any questions for me right now or
TCL LX: Nope, I think that you covered them all. Okay.
Katrina Groves: Give me about give them 1520 minutes at Walmart other. Do you know Mike Mike's the big guy pharmacy.
Katrina Groves: Okay, so hopefully he's working today. But if not, if there's any problems with your prescription Tony can get ahold of me anytime night or day so she's got my cell phone number. So if you have any trouble, we're, we're, we're a good team.
TCL LX: Okay. All right, so
TCL LX: Look, all right, what I'm going to do.
Katrina Groves: Okay, summer.
Katrina Groves: You take care and I'll call it in right now and I'll see you on Monday. You feel better.
TCL LX: All right, thank you so much.
Katrina Groves: All right. You're welcome.
Katrina Groves: Okay, I wasn't expecting that. That was more of an induction. So I need to get her meds that here pretty quick.
Katrina Groves: I tried to do my best. As far as the past medical history and everything. Um,
Katrina Groves: She's at really high risk right now. I forgot to ask about suicide. Excuse me. So diagnosis would be opioid dependence in withdrawals severe methamphetamine use episodic in remission currently
Katrina Groves: tobacco dependence moderate
Katrina Groves: Cigars cigarettes.
Katrina Groves: Didn't get whether she uses pot or not.
Katrina Groves: Also status will I put them in the past medical history says post into credentials, but she's finished IV antibiotics, so I will
Katrina Groves: prescribe medications for her.
Katrina Groves: Walmart and we'll have her come back on the 16th for group.
Katrina Groves: And then, thanks.
Katrina Groves: I'll have another one. After this, so not sure if I'm going to hang up and come back or just beyond. Pause
Katrina Groves: So on summer her cows or was 15
Katrina Groves: So she's in pretty
Katrina Groves: Significant withdrawals.
Katrina Groves: I don't have an address on her site was able to prescribe through bright heart so I will. I don't know who puts a note in there. I will try to
Katrina Groves: Ask my intake people to get her address and in the future.
Katrina Groves: Patient was oh my gosh she was
Katrina Groves: Restless and under nine times three, but quite restless poor concentration psycho motor agitation was noted mood, anxious, depressed and
Katrina Groves: Otherwise grooming. Let's see casually dressed
Katrina Groves: Have a scar under the right
Katrina Groves: Neck from her prior
Katrina Groves: salivary gland.
Katrina Groves: Surgery speech was a bit rapid normal volume and coherence period her thought process was linear and logical and content on this normal without tangential
Katrina Groves: Qualities
Katrina Groves: No evidence of auditory or visual visual hallucinations, no evidence of psychosis.
Katrina Groves: She seemed to move all extremities while during the visit.
Katrina Groves: Insight
Katrina Groves: Judgment and self reflection are good.
Katrina Groves: No signs of any
Katrina Groves: Notice
Katrina Groves: The patient was not
Katrina Groves: from the neck down
Kalea gnagy: Hold on, wait.
Kalea gnagy: There I am.
Katrina Groves: So cool.
Kalea gnagy: I like it.
Katrina Groves: Isn't that fun and see we can hide from the virus. This way to we don't have
Kalea gnagy: It's great.
Katrina Groves: I am great. How about you, Kelly.
I'm doing
Kalea gnagy: I've been working
Kalea gnagy: Well babysitting, but I babysit 40 hours a week from eight to 530
Kalea gnagy: Really Monday to Thursday. I mean,
Katrina Groves: You need is more kids.
Kalea gnagy: I know right but it gives somebody that gives my kids, somebody to play with. And it's just family so
Kalea gnagy: It's kind of like it.
Katrina Groves: Great. So thanks for coming on Saturday. This might take 40 minutes or so are you in a private place.
Kalea gnagy: Do you have my house.
Okay.
Katrina Groves: Alrighty. And once we do this you'll be in
Perfect.
Katrina Groves: Alright, so I have a little like a list, I gotta go through
Katrina Groves: Okay yesterday to kind of pretend I don't know your story and, you know, they'll be
Okay.
Katrina Groves: You
Katrina Groves: Know that
Kalea gnagy: Yeah, yeah. Okay. I gotcha, gotcha.
Katrina Groves: All right, so when. How long have you been in recovery.
Kalea gnagy: Once you're almost five years, July 31
Katrina Groves: Oh my gosh, like
Kalea gnagy: I know is that crazy fish.
Katrina Groves: Live
Katrina Groves: At first, wow.
Kalea gnagy: Yeah. Crazy.
Katrina Groves: And I know it hasn't been easy for you. I know you've had ups and downs and times when you've had
Katrina Groves: Cravings really bad and
Katrina Groves: Near relapses. What do you think last time was that you were had the hardest time
Kalea gnagy: It's what I've been super busy with all these kids so it's probably been about a month, probably a month and a half now. It's been a while. I'm, I'm just busy all the time now.
Katrina Groves: Good. So before you
Katrina Groves: Guys boredom. That was getting you
Yep.
Katrina Groves: And how often are you going to Tony's groups. Do you think
Kalea gnagy: I don't really go anymore. I go like once once every two months or something. Okay. Because I've been super, you know, right.
Katrina Groves: And that's what's nice about this. I'm hoping that you're not babysitting on Monday nights, because that's when the groups are
Kalea gnagy: Now, next time.
Katrina Groves: Hi there.
Kalea gnagy: Oh yeah, that's Jason
Kalea gnagy: It looks like hopefully
Katrina Groves: Yeah.
Katrina Groves: What was I saying oh Monday nights at like 545 to 645. It's like an
Katrina Groves: Exact going to work in your schedule.
Kalea gnagy: Yeah, no, that's fine. Yeah, because they can get, they get picked up at like 530 so it's perfect.
Katrina Groves: All right, and we're about your soapbox on our end for a refill.
Kalea gnagy: Not till the 18th
Katrina Groves: And what's the 18th of
Katrina Groves: Much. Alright, so let me think.
Kalea gnagy: Yeah.
Katrina Groves: Can you come to group on the 16th, which is next week, Monday at, can you do Monday or
Kalea gnagy: What time did you know
Kalea gnagy: This one, of course, through this. Yeah, of course. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Katrina Groves: So good to have a calendar.
Kalea gnagy: Know I put it in my phone.
Katrina Groves: All right, well, when you're on your phone now though, right. So I'll remind you
Kalea gnagy: To write down on a piece of paper.
Katrina Groves: Okay. So write down on Monday at 545 it's the 16th and you'll do the same thing today, you kind of check in at 530
Kalea gnagy: Okay.
Katrina Groves: They'll ask you a few questions about how your addiction is how your recovery is going
Kalea gnagy: To take a minute.
Kalea gnagy: Okay. Good job, buddy. All right, you guys go in the living room please Jason go
Katrina Groves: Time for the TV.
Kalea gnagy: Yeah, the TV's on there just bored. I think
Kalea gnagy: Time for the composer, Jason. I'm not joking go please your guys's tablets or something. Please. I don't go to church and you could still use them go play. Thank you. Sorry.
Kalea gnagy: They'll be nine
Katrina Groves: I know there'll be about nine people in group on Monday and
Katrina Groves: All of them are from the clinic, you know, all of them except one new girl.
Kalea gnagy: Okay.
Katrina Groves: Is there anyone that you can't be in Zoom was like this. I mean, one that you don't get along with. And you
Kalea gnagy: Absolutely. I know of.
Katrina Groves: Order or something. Okay.
Kalea gnagy: No, no.
Katrina Groves: So let me do some medical stuff. First, do you have any allergies to anything Kaylee.
Kalea gnagy: No I don't Oh great. Someone's knocking on my door.
Kalea gnagy: All right.
Katrina Groves: Put them on pause, you're in the middle of
Kalea gnagy: When I'm in the middle of a meeting with my counselor. Yeah.
Kalea gnagy: I'm sorry.
Kalea gnagy: But yes, sorry.
Kalea gnagy: My neighbor. She was asking me for bread.
Kalea gnagy: Bread.
Kalea gnagy: No bread.
Kalea gnagy: Yeah, right. Okay, so
Kalea gnagy: I don't have any allergies.
Kalea gnagy: Nope. Nope.
Katrina Groves: Okay, and what medication you're taking right now besides the Suboxone do you take a
Kalea gnagy: Lexus Alexa and birth control.
Katrina Groves: And what milligrams on this Alexa
Katrina Groves: 40
Kalea gnagy: Okay, once a day. Cool. Yeah.
Kalea gnagy: And I think every night.
Katrina Groves: The birth control is a pill. It's, um,
Katrina Groves: Once a day.
Kalea gnagy: Yeah, I take them both at night before I go to bed. Okay.
Katrina Groves: And how much the box on are you on
Kalea gnagy: Three. A day. Okay.
Kalea gnagy: Okay, good.
Katrina Groves: And no withdrawals or cravings or anything with that, no.
Kalea gnagy: No.
Katrina Groves: I remember a time when you were like trying to take more. Yeah.
Kalea gnagy: Well, because my teeth my teeth. My messed up. I remember coming in and I have to go get them pulled. I just don't have the time or the money to go down there, you know, wow, then I have one tooth. It's tracked in the back it. Yeah.
Kalea gnagy: I'm in a hurry. Sometimes
Katrina Groves: Okay, so why you do when it hurts when you take
Kalea gnagy: I just take ibuprofen. Mm hmm.
Katrina Groves: Yeah, you can put baby aspirin up on there and
Kalea gnagy: I've heard, but it doesn't taste very good.
Katrina Groves: You can do clubs, you can do lie. It can't.
Yeah.
Katrina Groves: Try to
Try to get in. Oh.
Kalea gnagy: I know because you guys keep on plugging up you guys are gonna have to go and play for a minute. Thank you.
Kalea gnagy: Sorry.
Kalea gnagy: All right.
Katrina Groves: Any immunizations that you've had.
Katrina Groves: No, you don't do flu shot pneumonia shot and I
Kalea gnagy: Know I made me really sick. Last time, and then it didn't even help because I still got the flip
Katrina Groves: And me. Um, no other illnesses, you have like high blood pressure or thyroid problems, diabetes, nothing like that.
Kalea gnagy: No, no.
Katrina Groves: Good and hospitalizations in the past tubes tied
Katrina Groves: Nope, no surgeries.
Nope.
Katrina Groves: tonsils.
Kalea gnagy: Nothing.
Katrina Groves: Okay, I've never been in the hospital sick or just with your pregnancies are deliveries.
Kalea gnagy: Yeah, just with babies and then back like years and years ago, back before I was even here just for like overdoses and stuff like that.
Katrina Groves: Oh, that's important though to know. Yeah.
Katrina Groves: Yeah. Wow. Okay.
Katrina Groves: Wow.
Katrina Groves: How bad
Kalea gnagy: Bad right didn't think I was gonna make it. They had to stick me twice with the needle.
Katrina Groves: You have not can
Kalea gnagy: I do, I do.
Katrina Groves: If you need refills. I think Mike can give it to you or I
Kalea gnagy: Will
Katrina Groves: Write it
Kalea gnagy: Yeah, I just had the last week do down the street. Somebody came knocking on my door because they know you know what I mean. They know I'm in the program and stuff, because I was one of their friends, Kayla Kayla give any narcotics that I do. So I gave him one. And it worked.
Katrina Groves: Oh my god. Good for you. You just say my life.
Kalea gnagy: I couldn't freakin believe it. I was like, how random is that you know what I mean.
Katrina Groves: That's angels, their needs.
Kalea gnagy: Oh my gosh. Now, my son went to the bathroom, Jason. Why do
Kalea gnagy: You need to wipe your butt.
Kalea gnagy: On the phone with my doctor you guys hear you wipe your butt you got it. Sorry if you if you wanna
Katrina Groves: If you want to put me on pause and
Kalea gnagy: And wipe the bag. Okay.
Kalea gnagy: I'm ready, I'm here.
Katrina Groves: It doesn't bother me. You can do whatever
Kalea gnagy: Oh, I'm multitasking disaster. Alright.
Katrina Groves: So let me take you through some physical stuff. Oh, how many pregnancies again.
Katrina Groves: Total or miscarriages abortions 555 pregnancies, or five
Kalea gnagy: Four kids and one abortion.
Katrina Groves: Okay, and
Katrina Groves: Any. Let's see. Okay, so I'm going to go to head to toe. Do you have any fevers, Charles, night sweats milking fatigue.
Kalea gnagy: Allergies allergies. Yeah, always
Katrina Groves: Worry about your allergies.
Kalea gnagy: Oh, I just, I was a kid, like I used to have to get shots for him and everything.
Kalea gnagy: Okay, all that fun stuff.
Kalea gnagy: They just been really bad whenever it rains, they get really bad.
Katrina Groves: And what are your symptoms. Do you have issue watery eyes.
Kalea gnagy: And the nose runny nose.
Katrina Groves: No pain.
Kalea gnagy: No.
Katrina Groves: No sinus sinus pressure
Kalea gnagy: No, just itchy eyes and runny nose, okay.
Katrina Groves: What's the drainage. Like, is it clear, or is it
Kalea gnagy: Yellow clear
Katrina Groves: Clear any sore throat or coffee.
No.
Katrina Groves: Alright, so how about paying a lot feeling thirsty, all the time. No.
Kalea gnagy: Normal. Okay. A lot of water so
Katrina Groves: Good.
It's all a dream.
Kalea gnagy: Yeah, I love it. Well,
Katrina Groves: trouble swallowing it all. No nosebleeds.
Kalea gnagy: Nope. Nope.
Katrina Groves: How about your neck any pain or stiffness and your neck, your shoulders.
You know,
Katrina Groves: Normal stuff.
Kalea gnagy: Yeah, you know,
Katrina Groves: Alright, so do you have asthma as well, like you get wheezing or shortness of breath or coffee.
Katrina Groves: No, you don't use an inhaler.
Know,
Katrina Groves: Chest pain or pressure in your heart or palpitations.
Katrina Groves: Nope swelling in your legs varicose
Kalea gnagy: Veins no
Katrina Groves: Okay, changes in your skin. Any dryness itching rash moles anything in your skin, you're worried about
Katrina Groves: No. Okay, any hair loss. Your hair looks
Kalea gnagy: Beautifully yeah I know it's going back thicker than ever.
Kalea gnagy: Play.
Kalea gnagy: With the ball.
Katrina Groves: stomach problems, abdominal pain, constipation, diarrhea,
Nope.
Katrina Groves: Nausea, vomiting,
Katrina Groves: No blood in your stool.
Kalea gnagy: Nope. Stop throwing the ball at the door.
Kalea gnagy: It's not my door, but it is my house. Stop. She just told me I told her quits on the butcher said it's not my it's not your door.
Katrina Groves: Oh dear.
Kalea gnagy: It's still adore it quits or the both the door. We're going to go in the corner.
Katrina Groves: I don't have a place to play.
Kalea gnagy: They have the whole living room and they have their room.
Kalea gnagy: Yeah, by me because I'm on the phone.
Kalea gnagy: Busy exactly so.
Katrina Groves: Any burning when you pee or bleed.
Katrina Groves: Know urinate.
Kalea gnagy: Know,
Katrina Groves: Any muscle skeletal problems like back pain.
Kalea gnagy: Well yeah, I broke my back when I was like 12 or 13 I brought to 12 and one. So I always have back pain.
Wow.
Katrina Groves: Does it go anywhere like to your friend or down your legs or
Kalea gnagy: No, it's just my back my lower back, and then I slouch. I stopped when I sit
Kalea gnagy: Right, yeah. It hurts.
Katrina Groves: So what do you take when it hurts, is that
Kalea gnagy: If it turned it open. I got an icy hot patch. I just slap on their
Kalea gnagy: Great. Yeah.
Katrina Groves: So that's not a trigger for you pain.
Kalea gnagy: No, no, I've been dealing with this all my life. It's nothing, you know,
Katrina Groves: Best thing to do, of course, would be yoga or someone internal core exercises. If you can get yourself a tape do that with your kids, you know,
Katrina Groves: Yeah I don't get the video up and everybody does yoga.
Kalea gnagy: That would be cool, though.
Katrina Groves: Um, alright, any seizures history of seizures.
Kalea gnagy: I do have a history of it. Okay, go. I'm on the phone. I'm going to get mad in a minute, please go. Thank you, what you said. Okay.
Kalea gnagy: Well, back in the day about. I love you to back in the day and isolate a bunch of Xanax and when I was coming off of those I'd have seizures. So I have like two on record.
Katrina Groves: Wow. Alright.
Kalea gnagy: Record. Yeah.
Katrina Groves: But they're overdose related right
Kalea gnagy: Yeah, the Xanax yeah this was like 10 years ago.
Katrina Groves: Any numbness or tingling in your feet or toes or legs or arms.
Katrina Groves: drummer drummer no headaches. No. All right, how about
Katrina Groves: Mood problems you have depression, but do you feel stable on your selects out or yeah
Katrina Groves: It's good. How about it.
Kalea gnagy: Yeah, I always got anxiety I just
Katrina Groves: How do you deal with it.
Kalea gnagy: I keep busy with all these days.
Kalea gnagy: I don't have a minute.
Katrina Groves: And the trouble is sleeping.
Kalea gnagy: No weapons they took I took myself off the restaurant. And I talked to God about it and
Kalea gnagy: Go for the minute there I was having a little bit of trouble. But I'm good. Now I'm good.
Kalea gnagy: X. Yeah, that can make you gain weight, too.
Katrina Groves: So, restaurants, not the best.
Kalea gnagy: Way I'm losing my weight like I'm losing my weight so fast.
Katrina Groves: Yeah, I can tell, actually.
Kalea gnagy: It's crazy. It's already been like two months and I'm already down to like 120 or something is
Katrina Groves: Any suicide or you
Kalea gnagy: Know what happened.
Kalea gnagy: What happened.
Any
Kalea gnagy: What I couldn't hear you.
Katrina Groves: Oh, I'm sorry. Um, any suicide thoughts.
Kalea gnagy: No, no, no.
Katrina Groves: helplessness, nothing like that.
Kalea gnagy: Okay. Oh, no.
Katrina Groves: Alrighty, so where are we
Katrina Groves: How long, oh no, you told me
Katrina Groves: Your family, family history, real quick is your mother still alive.
Katrina Groves: Yeah, and any medical problems that she has
Kalea gnagy: No, my family has lupus.
Kalea gnagy: Who has made my auntie do
Katrina Groves: On your mom's side or your dad.
Kalea gnagy: My mom's side.
Katrina Groves: Okay, and know any strokes, heart disease,
Katrina Groves: Know any substance use disorder.
Kalea gnagy: Not that I know of. I don't really know where that well.
Katrina Groves: Okay, depression, diabetes,
Katrina Groves: No, you don't know your mom that well.
Kalea gnagy: No, my mom doesn't live here. She lives in South Carolina. I haven't seen her since I was 11
Katrina Groves: Wow. That's right.
Kalea gnagy: rarely talk. Yeah, we rarely talk but
Katrina Groves: How about your dad.
Kalea gnagy: Dad, my dad's an alcoholic and addict.
Katrina Groves: Okay, and any siblings brothers, sisters,
Kalea gnagy: Yep, they're all we're all addicts except two of them. But we're all in recovery.
Katrina Groves: Excellent, yeah.
Kalea gnagy: Except my little sister Briana, she's still off doing whatever but
Kalea gnagy: Yeah, hopefully.
Katrina Groves: Find her way.
Katrina Groves: So,
Katrina Groves: You're still smoking cigarettes are you out of that.
Kalea gnagy: No, I'm serious. I cut down a lot. Only smoke like four day now for five a day if that's good. Yeah.
Katrina Groves: Yeah, and you're living with who now.
Kalea gnagy: Just you're talking to me.
Katrina Groves: A little house. Okay. And besides your kid job you you're not employed anywhere else. Right.
Kalea gnagy: No.
Katrina Groves: You don't have time.
Kalea gnagy: Yeah, I think.
Katrina Groves: Any boyfriends right now, Kaylee.
Katrina Groves: And Rob, what happened to you and rob you back together and then often
Kalea gnagy: On oh no I haven't seen him in almost two years now. I think
Katrina Groves: A boy, I'm out of the loop. Okay.
Kalea gnagy: Year and a half. It's been a while.
Good.
Katrina Groves: Kind of go back to the beginning for me now that maybe it's gotten a little quieter and the kids are gone. Give me the
Katrina Groves: How old were you when you first started using and what did you use
Kalea gnagy: The variable I was probably like 13 or 14 when I started using pot. I mean, I was 11 when I started smoking pot 13 or 14 when I started doing cocaine, just a little bit in high school. Nothing crazy, you know, just dabbled a couple times.
Kalea gnagy: Right, it's rooms, a couple of times, ecstasy. A couple times.
Kalea gnagy: Right. And then I got really hardcore to heroin. When I was like 18 right and then after that it was just and then mess when I was like 21
Katrina Groves: That was a heroin IV smoked.
Kalea gnagy: IV. I got to see from it. Yeah.
Katrina Groves: That's right now. Did you get your hep C treated
Kalea gnagy: I've been go I haven't made an appointment. Dr. Pearson, I did the first time it didn't.
Kalea gnagy: I just got caught up in life and then depression. When Ronnie left and all that crap. And I just thought, but that's one of my main goals for this month is to make an appointment for him to go back. That was
Katrina Groves: Awesome, because the tree. I know it's so easy. I mean, it's almost
Kalea gnagy: Like
Katrina Groves: You just take a pill. It doesn't even make you sick won't slow you down.
Kalea gnagy: Yeah, I'm stoked. Okay.
Katrina Groves: And then, um, so what was happening in your life. Like why your mom left at 11 like
Kalea gnagy: Why really
Kalea gnagy: Know my mom moved. I haven't might never lived with my mom. She left when I was two.
Kalea gnagy: And then she moved to what riverside with her new husband or whatever. And then when they, when I was 11 she got divorced from that guy and then moved to South Carolina with her new husband.
Kalea gnagy: Yeah, I would.
Katrina Groves: Raise do who raised you from to
Kalea gnagy: grandma and my dad, my grandma just died.
Katrina Groves: Oh my gosh, I'm so sorry.
Katrina Groves: Yeah, she's more like your mom.
Katrina Groves: Oh,
Kalea gnagy: Well yeah that's that's sucks but
Kalea gnagy: Right.
Katrina Groves: She got to know that you are clean and in
Katrina Groves: Reality and
Katrina Groves: That provide her so happy right
Kalea gnagy: Oh yeah, oh yeah.
Kalea gnagy: Did she get decided dementia. She got dementia and then just the way
Katrina Groves: How old was she
Kalea gnagy: At eight
Kalea gnagy: Years old, we knew it was coming, but it still sucks, you know, but
Kalea gnagy: Worse. Yes, which is not in pain anymore. So that's cool.
Katrina Groves: And she still can be a support person for you.
Kalea gnagy: Oh, yeah.
Kalea gnagy: In your
Kalea gnagy: In your brain every day.
Nice.
Katrina Groves: What other support people do have Kaylee.
Katrina Groves: What other support.
Kalea gnagy: Everybody grew all my friends all my book of my friends are on the cover is silver the kids his older sister. She's in big advocate and sobriety and stuff like that. And then my friend Amy and a friend Andrew, are you know I gotta walk Drew and Belinda.
Kalea gnagy: Good, yeah.
Katrina Groves: All right. And let's see what else
Katrina Groves: Wow, you talk so fast. Now that it's quiet. I'm like,
Kalea gnagy: I know I used to get in trouble for that and group we
Katrina Groves: Go. So, um, what are your goals. Do you think for yourself in the next six months or a year. You know, I know you're going to take care of kids, but what do you have in for yourself.
Kalea gnagy: I don't know. I'm pretty happy right now. I really don't have anything to
Kalea gnagy: I don't know, maybe fix up the backyard or something like
Kalea gnagy: A garden going
Kalea gnagy: Say you're going
Kalea gnagy: Your friends garden.
Katrina Groves: Oh, your garden.
Kalea gnagy: My garden with flowers and vegetables. Yeah, yeah.
Katrina Groves: That would be great. No, I don't really have
Kalea gnagy: Yeah, I don't know, that's a good question.
Kalea gnagy: I don't know. I'm pretty good right now.
Kalea gnagy: That's great. Yeah.
Katrina Groves: Um, and what are your coping skills. What do you do to take care of yourself so that you don't go nuts.
Kalea gnagy: Oh, I know I get breaks every at least once a month from the kids. I get an overnight.
Kalea gnagy: So I just started just got to eat and chill and hang out.
Yes.
Kalea gnagy: A brand Desmond Jason's will foster family.
Nice.
Kalea gnagy: What are you kidding me.
Kalea gnagy: And ignore him.
Kalea gnagy: Okay.
Kalea gnagy: All right.
Katrina Groves: Are they in school.
Kalea gnagy: The kids yeah from 12 to three.
Katrina Groves: Oh, but is the school.
Katrina Groves: The school is cut shut down this week.
Kalea gnagy: No only Brookings
Katrina Groves: Oh, interesting.
Kalea gnagy: It's only out valley. Yes. Tony Oh my kids go to Joe Hamilton.
Kalea gnagy: Well, I'm glad right down the street from me.
Katrina Groves: I'm glad they're open, but they may
Katrina Groves: Close with the
No stopping me
Kalea gnagy: Yeah, all right, that's it. Go in a quarter, both of you go, now she's right here. Face the wall quarter know right here. Right here. Right there. Thank you know but about about it. You guys get one minute.
Good job.
Kalea gnagy: Good job.
Katrina Groves: Yeah, I'm
Katrina Groves: See, so you're gonna see pure some fear have see what pharmacy. Are you up for your Suboxone
Kalea gnagy: Walmart.
Katrina Groves: And you said, When did you need a refill.
At
Katrina Groves: 18. That's right. So if I see you on the 16th, which is a Monday night, like I said, you know,
Kalea gnagy: That I can
Katrina Groves: Give you your prescription at that point.
Katrina Groves: And I'm pretty happy giving you just like three months, you know, you don't have to be here. I know bright heart is like when you're new, they have you come, three days a week and it's all this intensive stuff we don't need to do that so
Kalea gnagy: Okay. Um, I'll
Katrina Groves: Probably see you once every three months for a script.
Okay.
Katrina Groves: And you keep going to Tony's when you can, because she's you know that groups. Gotta be
Katrina Groves: Strong for you.
Kalea gnagy: Yeah yeah yeah
Katrina Groves: Oh, I'm loud.
Kalea gnagy: Groups. I don't white Tony's groups. I don't people just like to bullshit and brag and talk shit about each other and gospel color and i don't i don't like that I but then I get caught up in it. I don't like it.
Kalea gnagy: Drama awake it yeah I don't like it.
Katrina Groves: You want to let your kids.
Kalea gnagy: Go.
Kalea gnagy: I'll go if I have to, you know, but
Katrina Groves: Snow your with bright heart now so you don't have to
Kalea gnagy: I just want
Katrina Groves: To make sure that you've got that connection with
Katrina Groves: Tony
Kalea gnagy: Okay, yeah, of course. Yeah.
Katrina Groves: Do you want
Katrina Groves: Do you want to let your kids off time out and come back.
Kalea gnagy: What are you guys done
Kalea gnagy: We'll play nice Oh they already left
Katrina Groves: I was gonna let me
Katrina Groves: catch, catch him being good, you know, sometimes
Katrina Groves: That really helps.
Yeah.
Katrina Groves: Alright, so now you can, um, when I see you on the 16th to get your piece of paper down
Kalea gnagy: Yes, I do.
Katrina Groves: Alright, so I'll see on the 16th. I'll get your script and then I'll go. What's three months from then 123412341234 IT WOULD BE ON JUNE 8
Kalea gnagy: Okay, can you put
Kalea gnagy: It down right now. Yeah.
Katrina Groves: Put it in your phone for June 8 at five 530
Kalea gnagy: Ish right 30 okay
Katrina Groves: Yeah, it's always 530 but check ins at 530 group starts at 545
Katrina Groves: And we have you'll meet the counselor. She's really nice.
Katrina Groves: And she does a lot of good work. So
Katrina Groves: It's not, you know,
Katrina Groves: Drama.
Katrina Groves: Usually, depending on who you get
Katrina Groves: Yeah.
Katrina Groves: Do you remember, Doug, the firefighter.
Katrina Groves: No, never meet him. He's going to be on that day in June two. He's awesome. He's got like 10 years clean
Kalea gnagy: Oh, that's so cool.
Kalea gnagy: I know I'm
Katrina Groves: Really proud of him. I'm kind of all you guys. It's so good to see you guys. I'm
Kalea gnagy: Sorry, decided to get a little while.
Katrina Groves: I know
Katrina Groves: For you.
Katrina Groves: Alright, so any question. Let's see. I lab work. They're going to want to send you a peek up in the mail seriously because that happened already
Kalea gnagy: No, no.
Katrina Groves: When they send you
Kalea gnagy: This week,
Okay.
Kalea gnagy: Do it this week.
Katrina Groves: Great, so don't open it when you get it, you call them when when they tell you, and then you open it in front of them and you go pee and you come out and you read it together. It's kind of a group thing.
Kalea gnagy: That's cool.
Katrina Groves: I know it's going to interesting. And then what else. Oh, they want you to do lab work so
Kalea gnagy: These words for
Kalea gnagy: Just get your blood and stuff.
Katrina Groves: Yeah, they
Katrina Groves: Are tracking again like for your liver functions if you're on some time it can affect your liver, plus you have hepatitis C, you need to get
Yeah.
Katrina Groves: Let them know that you have hemp seeds so they don't order the whole panel. Again, they can just do a genotype and a PCR tests.
Katrina Groves: Have says how much virus, you have in your system because I'll
Katrina Groves: Tell Dr. Pearson is going to want to know the most just is. What's your Gina type. Was it a three to one. You know, and
Katrina Groves: How much virus, if you can remember
Katrina Groves: Okay, and then they'll check for just everything HIV and blood count and
Kalea gnagy: Then it cool.
Kalea gnagy: Yeah, that's cool. So do
Katrina Groves: It at the clinic, tell them that you're, you're a patient of the Dalek me how center otherwise they'll send you to solder coast, which you don't need to go that
Katrina Groves: It's better if you do it at the clinic, then Tony can fax it all too bright heart.
Katrina Groves: Okay. Um, and then if you have any problems, you just let Tony now because she's available unavailable to her 24 seven
Kalea gnagy: Or baked.
Katrina Groves: Oh my gosh.
Katrina Groves: Okay.
Katrina Groves: I am I think
Katrina Groves: We are all done. Oh, and dental work. You got to figure out a way to get at seven o'clock or at 12
Kalea gnagy: O'clock. I think if you go
Katrina Groves: Sit in the waiting room. They can sometimes get you in.
Kalea gnagy: Yeah, I'm gonna have to go on a Friday. That's my only day off.
Katrina Groves: Okay, but
Kalea gnagy: What I could do it. I could do it.
Katrina Groves: Yes, you can.
Kalea gnagy: Hat Yeah, yeah, I'm excited. This is cool.
Kalea gnagy: It'll be fun. Yeah, I'm excited.
Katrina Groves: Alright, so I will let you go, and I will see you on Monday for your script at 530 ish and we'll do it all over again.
Katrina Groves: From group there too.
Kalea gnagy: I'm excited. This is so cool.
Katrina Groves: Alright Haley.
Kalea gnagy: good weekend.
Katrina Groves: You to talk to you later.
Bye.
Kalea gnagy: Know,
Katrina Groves: Now, if you can figure out how to get off right
Kalea gnagy: Seeker did. Got it. Yep. Air. Yay.
Okay.
Katrina Groves: All right, where am I, oh my gosh, that girls paper. Alright. So, again, five years clean established patient with me and
Katrina Groves: Her mental many mental status exam, no suicide risk level of stress is actually
Katrina Groves: Moderate those she she likes to be kind of busy.
Katrina Groves: Very much psycho motor agitation fidgety running around. She's distracted with kids and all to
Katrina Groves: Mood is a bit anxious and hyperactive.
Katrina Groves: Very normal range of emotions during the session. She was casually grand normal body habitus, everything else is pretty much negative and normal for my usual sake.
Katrina Groves: Do review systems all other review systems as negative
Katrina Groves: Goals were like trying to fix the house be the garden mace basically be a mom, which is fine.
Katrina Groves: We're control. I don't know what to put on OC, please.
Katrina Groves: So assessment is going to be opioid dependence intermission. It was severe
Katrina Groves: She's over five years now, she's four years in recovery.
Or plus
Katrina Groves: Other diagnosis. Oh, and Suboxone I will be giving her prescription through Walmart. On Monday, the
Katrina Groves: 16th winners, which was her first Bret Hart group day she also carries a diagnosis of hepatitis C, no coma.
Katrina Groves: And she will check with her primary care doctor for
Katrina Groves: Treatment
Katrina Groves: And
Katrina Groves: She's also
Katrina Groves: nicotine dependence single cigarettes in
Katrina Groves: I would say mild nicotine dependence on cigarettes.
Katrina Groves: Got asked if she smoking pot still
Katrina Groves: And number three, would be, or four, where we have opioid hep C tobacco dental pain.
Katrina Groves: And we should probably get her seminar can as well.
Katrina Groves: Right, so a prescribed in our camp for her and that is done for the day. Oh, and I'll follow her up and
Katrina Groves: Like I said on that I think you caught that.
Katrina Groves: And I do believe I'm done for the day. Let me check.
Katrina Groves: For some reason, the
Katrina Groves: Her chart states that she's a suicide risk. And that's not appropriate. That was an old. I don't know why.
Katrina Groves: Could you
Katrina Groves: Put that somewhere. Just make sure she's a low suicide risk or no no suicide risk and not sure what the processes to get that off her chart for Kaylee Gagne thanks
Katrina Groves: Ok, thanks for your transcribing and we'll see you on Monday.
Katrina Groves: The 16th. Have a good weekend, guys.